README.md, before:

# Libight build Android

This repository contains the scripts needed to cross compile
libight for Android platforms.

## Installing the NDK

The first step to compile libight for Android is to download the NDK (Native
Development Kit) from [developer.android.com](
https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html).  We have tested
this repository with version 10d of the NDK.

Then copy the downloaded file to `$HOME/Android` and from inside this directory
run the downloaded file to unpack the NDK:

    $ pwd
    /home/simone/Android
    $ ./android-ndk-r10d-linux-x86_64.bin

## Creating a custom toolchain

Next, you need to [create a custom toolchain](
http://www.kandroid.org/ndk/docs/STANDALONE-TOOLCHAIN.html)
for the platform and API level that you want to target
using the `./scripts/make_toolchain.sh` command. For
example, the following command creates a standalone
toolchain in `./toolchain/` for ARM-based Android devices
using API level 9 (i.e., Android 2.3).

    $ ./scripts/make_toolchain.sh arm-linux-androideabi 9

## Cross-compiling

Once you created a custom toolchain, you can cross compile
libight using that toolchain using the `./scripts/build_target.sh`
script, which accepts the same command line parameters as the
script used to create a custom toolchain. For example,

    $ ./scripts/build_target.sh arm-linux-androideabi 9

this script cross compiles libight under `./build` and puts
the compiled libraries and haders under `./dist`.

*XXX* The current master branch of libight does not cross compile
for `android-x86` and MIPS because some small fixes are needed
to convince `boost` to compile with `libcxx` STL and `gabi++` ABI.

## TODO next

What is missing to continue this work is to compile and link
with libight and all its dependencies JNI code that can be
accessed from Java to use libight.

Commit message:

README.md: document that tests fail on the build system

README.md, after:

# Libight build Android

This repository contains the scripts needed to cross compile
libight for Android platforms.

## Installing the NDK

The first step to compile libight for Android is to download the NDK (Native
Development Kit) from [developer.android.com](
https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html).  We have tested
this repository with version 10d of the NDK.

Then copy the downloaded file to `$HOME/Android` and from inside this directory
run the downloaded file to unpack the NDK:

    $ pwd
    /home/simone/Android
    $ ./android-ndk-r10d-linux-x86_64.bin

## Creating a custom toolchain

Next, you need to [create a custom toolchain](
http://www.kandroid.org/ndk/docs/STANDALONE-TOOLCHAIN.html)
for the platform and API level that you want to target
using the `./scripts/make_toolchain.sh` command. For
example, the following command creates a standalone
toolchain in `./toolchain/` for ARM-based Android devices
using API level 9 (i.e., Android 2.3).

    $ ./scripts/make_toolchain.sh arm-linux-androideabi 9

## Cross-compiling

Once you created a custom toolchain, you can cross compile
libight using that toolchain using the `./scripts/build_target.sh`
script, which accepts the same command line parameters as the
script used to create a custom toolchain. For example,

    $ ./scripts/build_target.sh arm-linux-androideabi 9

this script cross compiles libight under `./build` and puts
the compiled libraries and haders under `./dist`.

Note that the above script also compiles the tests, which however
will fail because they cannot be executed on the build suystem.

*XXX* The current master branch of libight does not cross compile
for `android-x86` and MIPS because some small fixes are needed
to convince `boost` to compile with `libcxx` STL and `gabi++` ABI.

## TODO next

What is missing to continue this work is to compile and link
with libight and all its dependencies JNI code that can be
accessed from Java to use libight.
